the biggest
the newest the most exciting of all the
Planet of the Apes pictures climaxed are
the spectacular revolt of the Apes the
most awesome the most horrifying
spectacle in the annals of science
fiction first pampered as pets then
abused as servants now oppressed the
slaves on a full mobilization of all
security forces police Malaysia and
resort defense units see that every
entrance into the city is called North
immediately yes I control Memphis to
encode use of tear gas and sedation done
see there will be but one control method
shoot to cure
and
this will be the end of human
civilization the screen explode as man
faces a in the ultimate revolution there
is fire there is smoke in that smoke
from this day forward my people will
plot and plan for the inevitable day of
man's downfall
and that day is upon you now
you